Narrows is based on similar F1 racing teams website. A couple website that I took inspiration from are
    https://www.mclaren.com/racing/
    https://www.mercedesamgf1.com/en/

I took inspiration of the types of features they offer and they way they use their team colors.

Mercedes and Mclaren use their team colors (Cyan and Orange) as accents in their website. I applied the concept to the team colors that i came up for my fictional team.
the colors that i came up with was a fade from Red to Magenta. Another strong consideration that i undertook was the simple logo. A good logo can have meaning beyond a symbol for the team. 
It can be a visual representation of the brand. So getting the logo and by association the colors right was a must to make the website and brand memorable for the users. As a stale and coperate 
website would not service the team well.

The first part of my website that i came up with was the brand. Narrows Racing wasn't the first to come to mind for a racing team. I considered using a place name from NZ for a name. 
I eventually landed on narrows after reading about "The Narrows" in Zion National Park in Utah, USA. While playing around with some logo designs in paint i played around with some designs using the arrow tool.
This landed me with the arrow wheel for a logo that i have now. I put the previously mentioned grandient over it and used it as a springboard for the rest of my websites design. 
I added some arrows around the navbar as some decoration. 
I tried these with a white and a black background to see what made the arrows stand out more. I landed on black for the background. This gave me the color pallete for my website.
This consists of Red, Magenta, Black, White.

Next i had to figure out what purpose my dynamic part of my website would serve. I Decided that a Forum would be a great way to incorperate an account system into my website. 
This would have Catagories that users could post topics under. And each topic would behave like a thread. So a topic would be filled with replies from other users.
I set up all of my Server-Side and got a functional register and log in page working. But when i got to the Client-Side scripting and html for the forum I fell flat. 
I encountentered many bugs which made the creation of the forum a slow and labourous process. This wasn't helped by my inexperience with SQL/PHP and dynamic websites as a whole. 
I could see that the timeline would not allow me to finish the Website within the deadline. So I decided to go for a much simpler bulletin board system. This reduced the complexity and allowed me to
finish the project within the deadline. This consisted of channels with destinct topics a continuous flow of conversation

Unfortunately this lead to a much less capable website as a whole, as entire catagories where reduced down to linear channels of disccussion.
Another feature that got the axe was a profile system. This would have allowed users to individualize their profiles with avatars and a bio.

If i where to do this project again. I would of liked to include some of the features that i had to leave out. Mainly the Forums system. This would give the Users much more choice of what to talk about, and
more ways to talk within smaller groups within the wider community
